[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[ominous music]
[gunshot]
[eerie music]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
[gasps, grunts]
[breathes heavily]
Oh, no.
No.
[Mr. Jang breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
[silent sobs]
[dramatic music rises]
[cocks]
[gun clicks]
[grunting]
Ms. Hong.
[breathes heavily]
[both breathing heavily]
I'm begging you to stop this.
Right.
[grunts]
You're not…
You're not my brother.
You're…
a monster.
[gunshot]
[theme music]
Han-seo…
[exhales]
[gun clicks]
[gun clicking]
[clattering]
[Joon-woo grunting]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Damn it!
[phone beeps]
I'm at 49-8, Yeonseo-dong, Sangun-gu.
Two people have been shot. Please hurry.
Look at me.
[Cha-young] I'll be okay.
Vincenzo.
[Mr. Jang coughs]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
Han-seo.
Did I…
do okay?
You did.
You really made me proud, brother.
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
I think…
I've finally…
done something good.
[gurgles, coughs]
-[flustered sigh]
-[groans]
[Mr. Jang] Hey.
You know what to do.
Thank you…
for everything.
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[car engine rumbling]
[tires screech]
[tense music]
[sighs]
[tense music intensifies]
EPISODE 20
[heart monitor beeping]
[sighs in relief]
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
I paid for this room. Nice, huh?
Hmm?
I suppose now we're even.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
Does it hurt?
It's funny. Now, I can always say…
that I've been shot.
[both chuckle]
You need to rest.
Don't move your shoulder
for a few weeks, okay?
Hmm.
I'll just…
Sorry.
You blame yourself for all this,
don't you?
For what happened to me and Han-seo.
[chuckles]
You go off to fight in a war,
you might get shot.
I knew the risk. It's not your fault.
[uplifting music]
I'll be safe here, for now.
Don't worry about me.
Go and finish this.
Yeah.
Tomorrow, this will all be over.
You have my word.
And after…
You're gonna leave.
[chuckles softly]
Well…
I guess that tonight is our last night.
I promise you I'll see you soon.
When you're finished,
don't say goodbye to me.
Please don't call.
Do you understand?
[chuckles softly]
[uplifting music]
BABEL'S CHAIRMAN JANG
MURDERS BROTHER
AND ATTEMPTS TO MURDER A LAWYER
[ominous music]
[groans angrily]
[huffs]
[breathes heavily]
Vincenzo. Vincenzo. Vincenzo.
[sighs]
I'm happy to hear that Ms. Hong
is going to be all right.
I mean, what monster
would do something like that?
Mr. Park, should I get a gun
to protect us?
I was a great shot
when I was an army man, you know.
[Mr. Park sighs]
You were voted best clown
in the whole barracks, I bet.
Hey. Fight with your brain.
Well, at least, he's officially
a criminal now. We'll get him.
[Larry] Yeah, he's got nowhere to run.
That dirty bastard.
We never gave up the fight no matter what,
and finally, it's payback time.
If anyone messes with us now,
I hope they like their hair pulled out.
[snarls]
Oh, sorry.
-[silent groan]
-[Toto] We'll be ready.
Anyone who comes for them,
they'll meet my chopping knife.
Jipuragi needs us.
We must help those in need.
Yes, my practice can wait for now.
I'll fight right by your side.
You better believe
that I'll protect Mr. Cassano.
Bring it on.
How long should this take to unlock?
Depends on the model, but it should only
take a few hours at most.
I'll get someone on it immediately.
I appreciate it.
Oh.
For you.
The Guillotine file.
[gasps]
Consigliere.
You and Director Tae
will know how to use it.
I'm holding on to a copy too.
[dramatic music]
I am so grateful.
I'm going to use this to see justice done.
Don't tell me.
Talk is cheap and meaningless.
What?
Take it from someone who knows.
Talk doesn't scare villains.
People who promise justice
are not a threat.
The politicians, the government officials,
hypocrites, all of them.
Do you know what scares villains?
Do you know what scares me?
People who are done talking.
People who are ready to act and fight.
[scoffs]
Anyway…
Think about it.
I will, sir.
I'll never forget you, Consigliere.
[breathes deeply]
NAME: HAN SEUNG-HYUK
CRIME: BRIBERY AND EMBEZZLEMENT
[prosecutor] Here are the charges.
Once you sign it, you'll be arrested,
and taken into detention.
Okey dokey, let's do this right now, hmm?
[chuckles]
Uh, this is where I sign?
[Mr. Han] Suck it up.
So I'll be humiliated.
At least, I'll be alive.
Humiliate myself to stay alive.
Okay. Okay.
VINCENZO
-[phone buzzes]
-Who could that be? Oh, my god!
[phone buzzing]
[chuckles]
-[buzzing continues]
-Uh, shit.
Sorry. Let me…
[chuckles]
Uh, what?
Listen very carefully if you want to live.
Sure. Hold on.
-Could you excuse me?
-Of course.
[nervous chuckle]
Tell me.
Get Choi Myung-hee out of prison
in three hours, and you live.
HAN SEUNG-HYUK
[Mr. Han] What are you talking about
"get her out"?
Listen carefully.
If you get Choi Myung-hee
out of prison today,
you can live.
Hey! How do I know I can trust you?
How do I know you won't just kill me
once it's done?
[Vincenzo] If I wanted you killed,
you'd already be dead.
Leaving the restaurant two days ago,
or at the driving range yesterday.
[stutters]
How'd you… how'd you… how'd you…
Hurry up if you want to live.
Wait, wait. Hold on. Wait.
So you promise that you'll spare my life?
-[Vincenzo] Yes.
-Oh, thank you so much, sir.
-I…
-[phone beeps]
[chuckles]
[rustling]
[exhales]
Okay.
[sighs]
[alarm ringing]
[cocks]
[flicks]
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
Don't make a mistake out there.
Just get it done.
[car door closes]
[tires screech]
PROSECUTION SERVICE
LAW FIRM WUSANG
[indistinct chattering]
Can I help you?
-Namdongbu Prosecution Services.
-Huh?
[investigator]
We're here to execute a search warrant.
-What?
-Prosecutor's Office?
[lawyer 1] Hey. Hey, wait!
-[lawyer 2] Hold on!
-[lawyer 3] Sir! Sir!
You're being released.
What for?
What do you mean?
Those are my orders.
[clanking]
SEOUL NAMDONGBU DETENTION CENTER
What's going on?
The Namdongbu Office
cleared you of all charges.
Apparently, you took the fall
for Chairman Jang.
They figured you did it under duress.
How did they find out?
They came in this morning
with a prosecutor's warrant, ma'am.
[scoffs]
Oh, Seung-hyuk, you little rat.
Seung-hyuk, what were you thinking?
-This way, ma'am.
-[phone buzzing]
VINCENZO
[Vincenzo] Get Choi Myung-hee
out of prison in three hours and you live.
[Mr. Han] What are you talking about
"get her out"?
[Vincenzo] Listen carefully.
If you get Choi Myung-hee
out of prison today,
you can live.
Hurry up if you want to live.
[Mr. Han] Wait, wait. Hold on. Wait.
So you promise that you'll spare my life?
[Vincenzo] Yes.
Congratulations. Enjoy the day.
It'll be your last.
CHOI MYUNG-HEE
Han Seung-hyuk, you piece of shit.
[tense music]
[car engine starts]
It looks like she's heading to Wusang.
Keep tailing her, but stay back.
Make sure to call me
if she heads somewhere remote.
She might be meeting up with the chairman.
[Mr. Cho] Yes, sir.
[clatters]
[chimes]
[phone buzzes]
1 UNREAD MESSAGE
[Joon-woo]
Call this number when you're released.
[beeps]
[ringing]
[phone buzzing]
I wasn't expecting you yet.
Han Seung-hyuk sold me out to Vincenzo
to save himself.
That doesn't surprise me.
We definitely shouldn't meet
face to face, sir.
I'm worried they'll try something.
You're right.
You need to go to my house.
Take care of my bank accounts.
[Joon-woo] I'll text you my information
and my passwords.
And wire yourself five billion won.
Thank you, sir.
Do you have a plan?
There's a ship leaving tonight.
I'm going to Mexico.
You should run too.
Save yourself.
Yes, sir. You be careful.
Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
The phone's been unlocked.
You can access it.
[beeping]
Looks like he's heading to Seocho-dong.
-And you're seeing this too?
-[Mr. An] Yes.
I'm watching his movements from my laptop.
-Keep me posted, okay?
-[Mr. An] I will.
Good.
[beeping]
[engine starts]
-[digital trilling]
-[beeps]
Okay.
It's time to go.
[tires screech]
[Mr. Han] Oh, wow.
That's a lot of reporters.
-[chuckles]
-[reporters clamoring]
[Mr. Han]
Hello. It's good to see you all again.
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
-Come on, you've got more questions?
-[laughs]
Hold on, just a sec. Don't crowd me.
[reporter] What is your official
relationship with Jang Han-seok?
Plenty of rumors, sir.
[chuckles]
You know, all these cameras
and microphones are pretty intimidating.
Could we do this off the record?
-That's fine.
-[Mr. Han] Good. Good.
[chuckles]
Jang Han-seok.
Uh, I was his attorney
and he was my client,
and that was a long, long time ago.
But, sir, weren't Babel's
illegal activities
aided and abetted by Wusang Law?
Not Wusang.
Ms. Choi Myung-hee's personal choices
do not reflect the firm.
[Mr. Han] And I cannot believe
how much trouble she's made for them.
-[Mr. Han chuckles]
-[phone buzzes]
Excuse me.
Chief Prosecutor Han speaking.
[Joon-woo]
Looks like you're having a great time.
What do you want?
[reporters clamoring]
[Joon-woo]
Mr. Han, this is unacceptable.
What do you mean, huh?
Staying loyal to me
would've kept you safe.
You… you really think you can threaten me?
Why don't you go ask my brother?
What?
-[reporters gasping]
-[reporter 1] Oh, my god!
-[clamoring]
-[reporter 1] What just happened?
[bailiff] Stop that man. Stop him!
[goon] Let's go.
[woman] Somebody help him!
Somebody help him!
-[tires screech]
-[reporters clamoring]
[panicked chatter]
[dramatic classical music]
[reporters clamoring]
[cameras clicking]
[reporter 1] The Chief Prosecutor is dead.
[reporter 2] Two guys just stabbed him.
[panicked chatter]
-[cameras clicking]
-[bailiff] Let's go. Step away! Step away!
[suspenseful music]
[beeping]
At approximately 3:30 p.m. today,
Chief Prosecutor Han Seung-hyuk
was killed on the steps
of the Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office.
[TV reporter] The police
are currently on the lookout for the van
in which the two perpetrators escaped.
Witnesses at the scene
are being questioned.
If anyone with…
Jang Han-seok's been so busy lately…
tying up loose ends.
I'm worried about Mr. Cassano.
What if they come after him?
Hey, Mr. Nam.
Vincenzo Cassano is indestructible.
Stop worrying.
[sighs deeply]
[tense music]
[beeping]
[ringing]
[phone rings]
Hey, I'm on the move.
[Mr. Cho] You're going after the chairman?
Yeah.
But it looks like I've lost the signal.
[Mr. Cho] Somewhere with no reception.
I guess he's hiding underground.
I'm still tailing Choi Myung-hee.
I'm pretty sure I know where she's going.
Where?
[phone buzzing]
The Chief Prosecutor's death
looked like a scene from a movie.
A dramatic end. Just what he deserved.
I switched your main bank account.
Your affairs are in order,
and I've wired you some additional money.
Thanks for that. Stay safe.
[tense music]
[beeping]
-[chimes]
-[lock clicks]
[door closes]
[lighter clinking]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[screams]
Security! Help! Security!
Don't run.
[Vincenzo] Looking for this?
That security team cost a fortune.
When being hunted,
it's much better to hide than run,
I always say.
That is news to me.
Usually, I'm the hunter.
Hmm.
Oh.
The money you wired to the chairman
is appreciated.
FATE PIANO SCHOOL
I have taken the liberty of donating it
to a worthy cause.
[keyboard clacking]
[Ms. Choi sighs]
Once again, you've made a fool out of me,
haven't you?
Humiliation is my specialty,
next to killing of course.
You can kill me soon.
When I'm done.
[lighter clinking]
[ominous music]
You know…
you really shouldn't drink beer
before a Zumba class.
Hmm?
[thuds]
And you…
you're about to dance.
[foreboding music]
The CEO of Wusang was abducted
in that car?
Yeah. Some of her guards
in the parking lot called it in.
[detective] Who are the kidnappers?
There's one we haven't been able to ID,
but the other is Vincenzo Cassano.
[scoffs]
Italian Mafia guy.
-What do they want?
-Not sure.
But listen to this.
Ms. Choi was the attorney
for Babel's chairman.
And the former CEO of Wusang
was the late Han Seung-hyuk.
Something's off. I've got a hunch
this is all connected.
Place an APB on Cassano,
and bring him in with Jang.
And get the security footage
from Namdongbu and her apartment.
Right away, sir.
[breathes heavily]
[screams in pain]
[Ms. Choi groans]
[breathes heavily]
[groans, breathes heavily]
-[lighter clinking]
-[labored breathing]
I wouldn't even bother trying to get up.
Just do it.
You're gonna kill me, aren't you?
[breathes heavily]
[Ms. Choi scoffs]
What's all this for
if you're killing me anyway.
I told you, you don't get an easy death.
[scoffs]
And what about after that, then, huh?
Think about it. My death changes nothing.
It won't bring about world peace.
[laughs]
It won't guide anyone to a better life.
Come on.
I mean nothing to the world.
It's like you said,
just another dead scumbag.
[Ms. Choi exhales]
And no matter what you do to me,
how clever you are,
you'll always be a scumbag just like me.
I'm nothing like you.
[Ms. Choi] Really?
You wanna tell me how?
[laughs]
I lead yakshas and rakshasas.
I am Vaisravana.
[chuckles]
What are you talking about?
[laughs]
He's lost his mind.
I'm so glad you have a positive outlook
on your death.
[chuckles]
[tense music]
[hissing]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[coughing]
[Ms. Choi breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily]
-[whimpers]
-[lighter clinks]
That's a… You wouldn't.
[gasps]
[Ms. Choi groans]
[Zumba music playing]
[Vincenzo] I told you it wouldn't be easy.
You'll feel the pain of your skin melting
until the very end.
[Ms. Choi whimpers]
[quivering]
I… You can't… This isn't right.
You know this isn't right.
You can't just watch a woman die.
To my eyes, you're not a woman.
You're nothing but a monster.
Have fun dancing.
No. No.
It doesn't have to be like this. Please!
You can use a gun.
Shoot me. Shoot me now! Shoot me!
[yells]
Shoot! Don't…
[Ms. Choi quivering]
No, wait. Come back.
-Get back here, now. Stop!
-[lighter clinks]
-[flicks]
-[Ms. Choi gasps]
[high-pitched scream]
Vincenzo!
[Ms. Choi whimpers]
[clinks]
[screaming in panic]
[Zumba music playing]
-[Ms. Choi screams]
-[fire blazing]
[screaming in pain]
[Ms. Choi screaming]
[Zumba music playing]
[Zumba music continues]
[fire blazing]
Mr. An, have we found Han-seok again?
Yes, his signal's reappeared. Got it here.
He's on the move
towards the Seobu Expressway.
It's gonna take you some time
to get there,
so I sent a few of the crew
to follow him now.
I'll be there soon.
Tell them to be careful
since he's most likely armed.
[Mr. An] The police have got
an APB out on you.
You, probably, should hurry up
and get out of there.
Yeah. Thanks.
[suspenseful music]
Look at this, we're barely moving.
Come on, hurry up!
Hey, I'm going as fast as I can, man.
There's too many people on the road, okay?
You should floor it, man.
It's not a tractor.
Second gear.
-[Mr. Park] Sorry.
-[Larry] Oh, come on!
Are you serious?
This guy.
I'm putting it in third now.
[Mr. Tak] We're gonna lose him!
-This is third gear. Is that better?
-Okay.
-[Mr. Park] Okay, here we go.
-[Mr. Tak] Whoa!
-Careful!
-Switching it up to fourth gear.
GEUMJO PORT
[tense music]
[car approaching]
[tires screech]
Would you look at all these bad guys.
Yeah. We're gonna make quick work of you.
-[Larry] So embarrassing.
-[Mr. Park] All right.
Let's all get ready to rumble.
[roars]
[Mr. Park] Come on!
[fighting grunts]
[grunts and groans]
[grunts]
Come on.
-[grunting]
-[groaning]
[grunting]
[Mr. Lee] No, you don't!
-[thumping]
-[groaning]
Don't struggle.
You're only making me madder.
-[grunts]
-[screams in pain]
[breathes heavily]
[panting]
[Mr. Tak] You bastard!
Enough! That's enough!
[Mr. Park] Hey, put the knife down!
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-[screams]
-Mr. Lee!
-[gasps]
[Larry] Mr. Lee!
[Mr. Park whimpers]
[breathes heavily]
-[gunshot]
-[shrieks, groans]
[suspenseful music]
[gasps, groans]
[grunting]
[gun fires]
[screams in pain]
-Oh, Mr. Lee!
-[Mr. Park] Mr. Lee!
[Joon-woo] Shit!
-What are we gonna do?
-Call 911!
-Okay.
-[Mr. Tak] Come on, Mr. Lee. Just hold on.
Help is on the way. You're gonna be fine.
-[Larry] Hello? 911?
-[Mr. Lee groaning]
[Larry] Yeah.
I'm calling from Geumjo Port.
-[breathing heavily]
-[Larry] Uh, there's someone here
who got stabbed. Please hurry!
I'll kill you, you son of a bitch!
-[thumps]
-[groans]
[exhales]
-Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee!
-[gurgles]
[gasping]
[raspy voice]
We caught him…
did we?
[Mr. Lee coughs]
We got him good.
Don't you let him get away from you.
[labored breathing]
No police. You deal with him… yourself.
[Mr. Lee grunts]
Yeah. But just try to rest now.
[chuckles]
When Dal-rae…
my baby…
When she's born,
I wanted to… ask you…
[labored breathing]
…to be her godfather.
[chuckles]
Yes.
I'd be honored. Of course.
[Mr. Lee] You…
You'll do it? You'll do it?
[groaning]
Okay?
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Lee sobs]
[Vincenzo] I promise.
I will.
[sobs]
Thank you.
Her godfather…
[labored breathing]
Mr. Lee.
Stay with me.
[Vincenzo] Mr. Lee!
[Larry] Please hurry!
[Mr. Park] Hey, let me help.
Mr. Lee, can you hear me?
-I'm lifting your leg.
-[Larry] Hey. Come on, man, stay with us.
Hang on.
-[Mr. Park] Okay.
-What are we gonna do?
-The knife.
-[Mr. Park] No!
-You leave it in there. Don't touch it.
-[Larry] Yeah?
How do you know what you're doing, man?
I used to be a nurse.
I was Geumga-dong's White Angel!
[Mr. Park] Hang in there. Just a second.
[grunts]
[groaning]
We're almost done.
-[gasping]
-[sirens wailing]
That's no ambulance.
Those are police sirens.
[sirens wailing]
[sucks teeth]
[dramatic music]
See you again, Consigliere.
Thank you so much for everything.
Stay safe, okay?
[labored breathing]
Go. Go on!
Yeah, go.
[tense music]
[tires screech]
[car revving]
[sirens wailing]
[detective over megaphone]
Pull over now.
We will fire if you do not comply.
Stop the vehicle. We will open fire.
[tires screech]
[detective 1] What the hell are you doing?
Hey, help us. There's an injured man here.
-Let us through!
-He needs help.
[shouts]
We got a knife wound back here.
[Mr. Park]
We have to get him to the hospital.
[Mr. Tak] Yeah, look. Right here.
[exhales sharply]
Yeah.
-[phone beeps]
-[sighs]
Mr. Cassano got away.
[sighs, chuckles]
The chairman is… The chairman's with him.
Then this will all be over really soon.
Something else happened.
It's about Mr. Lee.
[dramatic music]
What happened to Mr. Lee?
[Mr. Nam sobbing]
[ominous music]
[coughing]
[lighter clinks]
[breathing heavily]
[flicks]
How did you find me?
With help from Han-seo.
What?
[Mr. Jang]
Hey, you wanna hear something crazy?
[slurping]
So, the morning of the inauguration,
Han-seok gave me this watch.
Mm.
And he had a matching one.
[scoffs]
[Mr. Jang] That sentimental stuff,
that's not him.
[sighs deeply]
[Mr. Jang] I thought something was up,
so I took a closer look.
[ominous music]
And guess what I found.
An expert said it was a tracking chip.
Tracking chip? Then, what did you do?
I put the chip in his watch.
[both chuckle]
And I never wore mine.
And get this, I found this really cool app
that lets me track him.
It was expensive.
You think, maybe, I was scammed?
[chuckles]
Why are you tracking him?
I… I need to make sure
he can't just run away,
like he always does.
When he killed his friends
in middle school,
my father just sent him away.
Things might have been different,
if he'd been punished back then.
But isn't Han-seok always
changing watches?
So I put chips in all of them.
What?
I know. I'm an idiot.
[laughs]
He was ten steps ahead of all of us.
[scoffs]
[Joon-woo sighs]
Even in death he's so damn useless.
[clinks]
[sighs]
[heavy breathing]
So…
what is this thing?
Something the Russian Mafia
taught me about,
called kop'yo iskuplen'ya.
"Spear of atonement."
[clinks]
[laughs]
You think I'll atone for my sins?
See, I don't care what you do.
You'll be in pain either way.
[Joon-woo] You should've just killed me
back at the docks.
I am a man of my word.
[lighter clinks]
Are you really forgetting what I promised?
[ominous music]
[Joon-woo breathes shakily]
[breathes heavily]
So you do remember.
-[whirring]
-[Joon-woo gasps]
[panting]
[Joon-woo quivering]
What are you doing?
[groaning]
-[clinks]
-[whirring stops]
[groans, breathes heavily]
The spear of atonement
will pierce five millimeters
every five minutes.
You'll feel lightheadedness
from blood loss,
and then excruciating pain.
Tomorrow at noon,
you'll die instantly
when it pierces your lung.
[panting]
[under breath]
Vincenzo. Vincenzo.
[Joon-woo]
We're both business men, aren't we?
Can't we make a deal?
[labored breathing]
[screams]
You don't need to be a monster, okay?
-Come on. Please.
-A monster?
Yeah.
[panting]
This whole planet is already
chock full of monsters.
I'll give you all the money I have.
Please!
[breathes heavily]
If you want more, you can…
you can cut off my hand or something.
It'll be so easy. Let me live.
[whimpers]
You're right about that,
but this is much easier.
[whirring]
[groaning]
[panting, groaning]
Stop!
[Joon-woo]
I thought it was every five minutes?
I'll put it back on auto,
but I couldn't resist.
[Joon-woo panting]
-Vincenzo. Vincenzo. Please.
-[beeps]
Vincenzo, just wait.
[Joon-woo]
Just shoot me in the head, okay?
Just shoot me. Please!
I'm begging you!
Apologize to Han-seo.
[Joon-woo whimpering]
Come on, please.
I think I'll hold onto this.
[panting]
[Joon-woo] Vincenzo…
Vincenzo.
[screams]
Hey!
Shoot me! Kill me!
[tense music]
[breathes heavily]
LAWYER HONG CHA-YOUNG
[dramatic music]
[sighs deeply]
POWER OFF
[clatters]
[device whirring]
[Joon-woo gurgling]
[screaming in pain]
[breathing heavily]
[whirring continues]
[tense music]
[theme music]
Came as fast as I could.
[Mr. Cho] I've got them looking for you
in Busan, for now.
[Mr. An] Here, take this passport.
You have to be on your flight
in the next half hour.
Until then, your security check
will be linked to this passport picture.
You shouldn't have any trouble
getting through with this.
But it will only last half an hour,
so you have to be on that plane.
Thank you both.
Don't thank us. It's Director Tae
who was able to pull this off.
Ah. Please tell him I appreciate it.
If you can't come back…
give us a call someday.
Count on it.
[Mr. Cho] Come on. Let's go.
[car horn honking]
[car approaching]
[car door opens]
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Nam] Oh, Mr. Cassano.
[panting]
You shouldn't be up.
I'll be fine.
I had to see you one last time.
Get going.
It's gonna be tough,
and I'm sorry about that.
Don't worry about me, okay?
[dramatic music]
[sighs]
Goodbye.
You be safe.
Got to go.
Hurry.
Thank you so much.
See you, Mr. Nam.
[Mr. Cho] Hey, we really have to go.
[car engine starts]
[sobbing]
[whimpering]
[cawing]
[ominous music]
[caws]
[Joon-woo raspy breathing]
[crow rattles]
[Joon-woo breathing heavily]
-[crow caws]
-[wings flapping]
[cawing continues]
[somber music]
[radio reporter] It's been one month
now since the man known as Lawyer C,
a former Italian Mafia member charged
with the kidnapping of Choi Myung-hee
and Babel's Chairman Jang,
has been at large.
The police have inspected
all domestic ports
believing he may have fled by ship,
but they have found no trace of him,
believing the suspect…
[woman] In our vineyard, you can lease
or buy a whole row of these grapes,
and then, tend to them on the weekends.
The rows you see with name tags
are the ones that have already
been claimed.
[guests] Ah…
But of course, the best part,
our grapes do have another use.
They can be turned into wine.
[guests exclaim]
You'll be please to know
that access to our winery is included.
[exclaiming, giggling]
Would you care to follow me this way?
[man] Oh, that sound great.
[indistinct chattering]
[woman] Now, it is the fertilizing season.
We've been weeding out the soil,
but it can be unstable.
Watch your step.
LEE JIN-A
[dramatic music]
[chuckles]
I'll see what I can do
to make this into wine.
[chuckles]
Cheap grapes, though.
[orchestral music]
1 YEAR LATER
-[boy 1] His kick was so cool.
-[boy 2] Yeah, damn.
He flipped over. Crazy.
[indistinct chatter]
-This is why you don't get good grades.
-[boy 2 laughs]
-You got to study a lot harder.
-Yo. I'm smart.
[boy 2] But we're all smarter than you.
-No way.
-Oh, come on, man.
[boy 1] I aced that test last week.
[boy 2] Yeah, that was one time.
[boy 1] Still better than no time.
-[sighs]
-[indistinct chatter]
[scoffs]
BABEL AND ALL ITS SUBSIDIARIES
TO GO INTO RECEIVERSHIP
[boy 2] You wanna bet? Next math test…
PARK SEUNG-JUN ARRESTED
FOR REAL-ESTATE SPECULATION
[sighs]
So boring.
-Wanna catch a movie, guys?
-[boys] Which one?
[Yeong-ho] I don't know. Let's see.
[boy 3]
Yeah. There's something on for sure.
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[orchestral music]
I am here today to tell you…
that Sangcheon-gu is now
the poorest part of town.
This is thanks to no small part
to the government's decision
to punish you all.
Canceling the Plaza's development
is punishment.
It takes away your agency,
and your ownership rights.
I, candidate Kim Seok-u,
will bring this development
back from the dead,
and make Sangcheon-gu
better than it's ever been before!
-Seok-u!
-[crowd cheering]
SANGCHEON-GU'S FUTURE
KIM SEOK-U
Kim Seok-u!
[people chanting]
Kim Seok-u! Kim Seok-u!
[Cha-young on megaphone] Are you sure
it's this neighborhood that will benefit?
[tense music]
[upbeat music]
[Cha-young on megaphone]
Or…
is it going to benefit your bank account?
And who might you be?
The Cassano Geumga Family.
[tenants chanting]
Cassano! Cassano!
Cassano!
[Mr. Kim] All right, settle down.
You know what you're doing
is illegal, right?
You got a problem with us,
I'm happy to listen.
Shut up.
You bringing the development back
is illegal.
We won't let you meddle here.
You won't get away with it, huh.
And we don't like scumbags like you.
-Got a problem, man?
-[scoffs]
Get rid of them.
[chuckles]
Come on.
-Oh!
-[tenants laugh incredulously]
You might wanna think twice, hmm?
We're untouchable.
[Mr. Kim] Now, wait a minute.
Out, all of you.
Or I'm calling the police.
[ladies laughing]
Call them up, go ahead.
Cassano's aren't scared
of the cops one bit.
-[Mi-ri] Right guys?
-Oh…
I just wanna sink my tooth in.
What should I bite first?
Ms. Hong.
This is all under control.
Get to the trial.
Don't worry about us. We've got this.
I appreciate it.
-Whoo!
-[gasps]
-[Larry] Crush it.
-[Mr. Park] Kick their ass.
-[Su-nam] Good luck.
-[Hui-su] See you tonight.
[Mr. Park laughs]
Look at these guys.
You've never heard of Yong-gu,
the strongman?
[Mr. Park] Check this out.
-[grunts]
-[Hui-su] I'm gonna take you down.
Today, Hwang Deok-bae's
much anticipated retrial
is finally taking place.
Hwang was found guilty
on one count of sexual assault.
Oh Gyeong-ja, his housekeeper,
was acquitted of his murder.
Chairwoman Seo Yeong-sun,
former wife of the Chairman,
was found guilty of criminal negligence
despite being a witness.
[reporter] She was taken into custody
immediately following the retrial.
The charge was brought against her
after her son, Hwang Min-seong,
-submitted a written confession…
-Bye.
-…from prison.
-[Cha-young] Ha!
[Ms. Seo grunts]
So, do you feel proud of yourself,
you little witch?
My, my!
I guess that money can't buy class.
You snake! You…
How did you turn my son against me?
What do you mean?
-No!
-Ah.
I may have sent him pictures
of a very handsome lawyer.
-[Cha-young gasps]
-[Ms. Seo grunts]
You think you've won, do you?
-You'll pay for this.
-[detective] Step aside.
Wow. Somebody is salty today.
[Ms. Seo] Let go of me!
See you again someday.
[reporters clamoring]
I'm innocent, okay?
[reporter]
We have a few questions for you.
[clamoring continues]
Would you shut up!
[reporter 1]
Wait, wait. Wait! Just one question.
[reporter 2] Hey, look. There she is.
[reporter 3] How are you feeling?
[reporter 3] Ma'am,
I just have a question.
[reporters clamoring]
I am thrilled with the verdict,
but I'm not surprised we won.
-Are you?
-[cameras clicking]
-[man 1] Pass it. Pass it.
-[man 2] Go, go, go.
["Adrenaline" by Solar playing]
[sobbing softly]
Tae Ho…
♪ Adrenaline rushing through my vain
I forgot ♪
♪ Fire ♪
DIRECTOR AN GI-SEOK
Consigliere,
where in the world have you gone?
I searched for you for a year.
♪ I don’t wanna keep you to be a liar ♪
♪ Don't wanna hurt you ♪
What's going on? Why are you sulking?
Sir.
[Mr. An clears throat, sniffles]
Well…
Any luck yet?
Have you found him?
No. He doesn't want to be found.
[sighs]
One day he'll return.
Listen. About the Guillotine file…
The prosecution offered
a joint investigation,
and I refused.
I told them that we would handle it.
A good plan.
We can't take any chances.
We must not fail.
-Indeed.
-[knocking on door]
[Director Tae] Come in.
Right.
-Have you two met?
-We certainly have, sir.
Hi. You're looking older.
[chuckles]
Hi. You look like a baby.
[Director Tae] Goodness.
I was thinking…
we might bring him back.
What do you think of that idea?
Well, I'd say that's wonderful.
How about it?
Let's search for the Consigliere.
Let's do it.
Okay. That'll be quite enough of that.
You two and your corn salad.
[snickers]
[Director Tae] Goodbye.
-Sir.
-Goodbye.
[Director Tae] Two peas in a pod.
-[door closes]
-Let's start today.
Okay.
-Now?
-Yup.
[boy]
I'd like to pawn this tablet, please.
Let's see.
The model's pretty old.
It isn't in the best shape.
I could really use the money.
You could?
-What shall we do, Dal-rae?
-That thing is toast.
It still works, though.
-Are you a student?
-Uh-huh.
He's a student.
[Dal-rae cooing]
We'll take it.
You can give him 180,000.
-[crying]
-Oh, sorry, Dal-rae.
-Are you hungry?
-There you are.
200,000.
Have you lost your mind?
-No, it's okay. Go on, take it.
-Hey, mommy's here.
-[boy] Wow. Thank you.
-[cooing]
[boy] Thanks so much.
-Take care now.
-See ya.
-[Yeon-jin] Study hard.
-Okay.
-Make sure you come back for it.
-I will. Thanks.
[Yeon-jin] How's that?
-Seok-do…
-[cooing]
Can you clean the shelves, please?
I already did.
-Do it again. They're still so dusty.
-[Dal-rae cooing]
Who's mommy's girl?
Huh?
Dal-rae can't be in a dusty shop.
Right, Dal-rae?
[Yeon-jin chuckles]
Who's the cutest?
Is it you?
[fanfare music]
[both cooing]
I think someone missed daddy, didn't they?
Oh, my darling.
-[Yeon-jin] Honey, she needs to eat.
-[Mr. Lee] Okay.
-Did you miss me?
-Come on, sweetie.
-[chuckles]
-[Mr. Lee cooing]
Let's settle in.
-There you go, sweetheart.
-Little angel.
-[Mr. Lee] Nice and comfy.
-[Yeon-jin] What a good girl.
-[Mr. Lee cooing]
-I'm exhausted.
The shelf isn't dirty.
Why am I cleaning it?
Follow the boss' orders.
Okay. Jeez.
[Yeon-jin] You're doing great.
It's too bad.
If I still had my old strength,
I would've flipped that truck right over
and tanked his campaign.
Why don't you be grateful you're alive?
If it hadn't been for his help,
your surgery might not have succeeded.
Thank you, oh, brave Nutria!
[piano playing]
[dull thudding]
Uh, Miss? The piano, it's broken.
Oh, that old piano, we don't play.
You don't have to use it.
Go play the one there.
-[girl] Okay.
-Mm.
[piano playing]
[creaking]
[upbeat music]
Will you be my wife?
Yes.
[beats instrument]
MARRIAGE PROPOSAL TEMPLE
NANYAK TEMPLE
[monks singing]
♪ Congratulations ♪
♪ Your wedding, love forever ♪
♪ Don't fight ♪
♪ From black hair to white hair ♪
♪ Congratulations ♪
♪ Your wedding, love forever ♪
-[Jeokha] ♪ Don't fight ♪
-Congratulations.
♪ From black hair to white hair ♪
[Jeokha] I look forward to fate
bringing us back together.
We are bound to meet again.
Do you mind if I ask you something?
Of course not.
I can't stop doing what I do best.
Nor can I do what's right.
[dramatic music]
Is my future so set in stone?
I'm afraid my life…
will be full of regrets.
Hmm…
Of the Four Heavenly Kings,
I'm reminded of Vaisravana.
You know, when you enter a temple,
and you look up and see a terrifying face.
[laughs]
That's Vaisravana.
He keeps the yakshas
and the rakshasas at bay.
He protects Buddha's ways,
and all of us, too.
It is in your nature to commit these sins.
Becoming like the Buddha
would be impossible for you.
But you can fight alongside
the yakshas and rakshasas.
You can fight for the people.
You may not become like the Buddha,
but sometimes,
he'll smile on you. Believe it.
[Jeokha chuckles]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
[hissing]
[Cha-young] Hey.
What if you can't ever return to Korea?
Uh…
[chuckles]
I suppose, I'll visit you.
Oh.
-The bridge of birds.
-Hm?
Every July seventh…
magpies and crows form a bridge
so that Gyeon-u and Ung-nyeo can meet.
[giggles]
It's Jik-nyeo, not Ung-nyeo.
Oh.
I thought Mr. Nam said…
-[scoffs]
-So…
does that mean that our bridge
will be made up of a bunch of pigeons?
Of course. Inzaghi.
He can bring all his friends.
So a bridge of pigeons it is. You're on.
[laughs]
I mean it.
I'll return just like Gyeon-u.
[laughs]
Okay.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
I'm not kidding.
-Ms. Hong.
-What?
Who was Ung-nyeo?
[chuckles]
[slurping]
[door opens]
-[sighs]
-Oh, congratulations!
[Mr. Nam exclaims]
Oh! Hmm.
I feel fantastic.
[chuckles]
-[squeals]
-Oh.
[both giggling]
[sighs]
We owed it to her.
I hope Ms. Oh is smiling right now.
Definitely. I'm sure she's proud.
[chuckles]
Oh. There's something for you
over there on your desk.
It just arrived.
[chuckles]
FRIENDS ARE LIKE ONE SOUL IN TWO BODIES
[dramatic music]
[both chuckling]
[sighs]
One more thing. This, too.
Hmm? What is it?
CELEBRATION OF KOREA AND ITALY'S
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
[Cha-young] Oh!
Are you coming too?
Sorry, I can't.
It's the big paper airplane
competition tomorrow.
See?
Come on, Edward.
[grunts]
Not bad.
[chuckles]
Mm.
Got it.
[light music]
[romantic music]
CELEBRATION OF KOREA AND ITALY'S
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
[Cha-young chuckles]
Ambassador, it's been a while.
[footsteps approaching]
You know, war and art
are best observed from a distance.
[dramatic music]
[in Italian]
Good evening, mademoiselle.
[both chuckle]
How are you?
[breathes deeply]
How did you get here?
I snuck in with the delegation.
I leave tomorrow.
[sighs]
You can only come to Korea
for these events?
Yeah. Just for the day.
-[sighs]
-But…
You can come to my island.
-Your island?
-[shushes]
[Cha-young chuckles]
The island on the postcard?
[shushes]
[chuckles]
[Vincenzo]
I bought a deserted island near Malta.
I named it too. Pagliuzza.
It means "straws."
[both chuckle]
[Cha-young]
You must've bankrupted yourself for it.
[Vincenzo] I have a bit left.
Ah!
Thank you for hiding the gold.
I'm lucky that it's being kept safe
with you.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
[chuckles]
[crickets chirping]
[suspenseful music]
[door closes]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music rises]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Cha-young] So you live on the island?
[Vincenzo] Yeah.
The entire Cassano family.
We're off the grid.
You're their boss now?
-[clears throat]
-[Cha-young chuckles]
Wow. Not a consigliere anymore.
[both chuckle]
It's special there.
It's a place to rest.
And it's a place where you can hide out.
Heal.
Can I visit?
Yes.
[clears throat]
There's a room already for you.
[gasps]
What?
Stop it.
[chuckles]
I wanna go now.
[laughs]
[sighs]
I've really missed you.
Me too.
Not a day passed
where I didn't think about you.
[clicks tongue]
I find that hard to believe.
["I'm Always by Your Side"
by John Park plays]
♪ When I walk down a road
I don't know well ♪
♪ And I'm full of scare and doubt
I think of you ♪
♪ I think of you ♪
♪ And when life shuts me down
And there's no way to win ♪
♪ Sometimes I just wanna cry
I think of you ♪
Do you believe me now?
♪ I think of you ♪
Villains can fall in love.
This villain did.
♪ I've already known, I've already known ♪
♪ I'm lost without your arms around me ♪
♪ I'm always by your side, my love ♪
♪ And this love's entirely for you
With you, from you ♪
♪ I'm always by your side, my love ♪
♪ From now on, my everything's for you
With you ♪
♪ From you ♪
[wistful music]
[theme music]
[Vincenzo] Two days ago,
I used three Luciano family members
as manure for the vineyard
and took over the olive plantations
in Malta.
I'm still a villain.
You'll get no justice from me.
Justice is weak and empty.
One needs to get creative
to beat villains and monsters.
My particular brand of justice
is painful and merciless,
and often necessary.
Even villains dream of a peaceful world.
But until that time, I have a new hobby.
Taking out the trash.
If I don't, the garbage will smother
the world, taking innocents with it.
Take it from a villain.
[in Italian]
Evil is prevalent and vehement.
SPECIAL THANKS TO CHA SOON-BAE,
KIM SUNG-CHEOL, AND JEON GUK-HYANG
[theme music]
THE END